Blog Post: Long-Term Support For Dusty Daemon (#340)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/dusty-daemon-receives-lts-grant.mdx

---
title: "Long-Term Support For Dusty Daemon"
date: '2024-10-02'
tags: ['OpenSats', 'grants', 'bitcoin', 'LTS']
draft: false
authors: ['btcschellingpt', 'arvin', 'dergigi']
images: ['/static/images/blog/57-dusty-daemon-lts-grant.jpg']
summary: "OpenSats welcomes Dusty Daemon as an LTS Grantee."
---

OpenSats is excited to announce long-term support for the main driving force
behind Splicing on the Lightning Network, [Dusty
Daemon](https://github.com/ddustin). Dusty has contributed significantly to the
Lightning Network [specifications](https://github.com/lightning/bolts/pull/863)
and the design and implementation of Splicing.

[Splicing](https://lightningsplice.com/splicing_explained.html) enhances the
usability of the Lightning Network by allowing users to modify channel sizes
instead of having to close and create new channels when size changes are
required. This reduces the on-chain transactions required and improves the
usability of the Lightning Network.

With LTS support from OpenSats, Dusty will help extend the Splicing

> implementation across additional Lightning implementations and commence building

Reviewer: Potentially re-word that part, as "Splicing implementation" followed by "Lightning implementations" sounds like a word repetition.

```suggestion
implementation across the Lightning ecosystem and commence building
```
